Robert Reddick
IGME 202, Section 4

Assignment:
Asteroids

Description:
This Project is a recreation of the classic arcade game Asteroids
but with some differences. It is a 2D Shoot 'em up where the player
must survive waves of obstacles with increasing difficulty.

User Responsibilities:
The user must fly around and blast as many Asteroids as possible
to get the highest score they can, but they must also avoid running
into these Asteroids because failing to do so will make them
lose lives which inevitably leads to them losing. To Move around
the player must use the up arrow to accelerate and the left/right 
arrow keys to turn. To shoot the player must use the spacebar.

Above and Beyond:
I added powerups to the game which have a 50% chance of spawning 
every wave if they currently don't have another powerup active.
If the player happens to pick up the powerup they will activate
their forcefields and be invincible for 5 seconds. In the midst
of adding this I added shorter Grace periods in between deaths
and waves so that the player doesn't die right upon spawning. I
also added different screens for different Game States. One for the
title screen which allows the player to get into the game or allows
them to close the application. From the playing-state if the player
runs out of lives they will be sent to the game over screen where 
they can either choose to play again or head back to the title 
screen. Another thing I added was sounds. I added a sound for the 
player shooting, the player dying, the forcefields being activated 
from a powerup, and 3 ambient sounds for the different Game States 
that run on a loop. Lastly, I added different textures to make
the game look a bit nicer, I borrowed an asset to make a space
background and also used a texture to be used on the buttons for
my Menu's GUI Buttons.

Known Issues:
No known issues

Requirements not completed:
I completed all requirements for this project

Sources:
- Spaceship Asset: 
  Link: https://opengameart.org/content/spaceship-1
- Asteroid Asset: 
  Link: https://opengameart.org/content/brown-asteroid
- GUI Nebula Button Texture:
  Link: https://wallpapercave.com/free-space-background
- Site for the Space Background Texture:
  Link: https://wallpaperaccess.com/retro-space
- Powerup and Bullet Assets
  Created by me using Paint.net
- Sounds:
  Link: http://soundimage.org/sfx-scifi/
- Ambient Sounds:
  Link: http://soundimage.org/sfx-scifi-amb/
Notes:
None